W-19713549-update-user-metadata-parameter-description-Amazon-S3-connector-reference-sis (#3016)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: amazon-s3/7.2/modules/ROOT/pages/amazon-s3-connector-reference.adoc

** BUCKET_OWNER_READ
** BUCKET_OWNER_FULL_CONTROL |  Canned ACL to apply to the object. |  |
| Config Ref a| ConfigurationProvider |  Name of the configuration to use to execute this component. |  | x

> | User Metadata a| Object |  Custom user metadata. We recommend using only US-ASCII characters for user metadata. |  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| User Metadata a| Object |  Custom user metadata. Use only US-ASCII characters for user metadata. |  |
```
